['Nice product!!! Color is bit different but fitting is perfect', 'Good quality polo from allen solly....got it for 449 rupees....i read so many reviews which says fake product...but this one is original...comfort is also good...i really liked it....', "I'm really shocked to receive this poor quality products from Amazon. The fitting was good but the product quality was poorer tham one can think of even fake allen solly t-shirt are of better quality than this. I received it in one colour but after one wash it has become of three shades. It lost a lot of colour after first and further washes. I regret buying this product and i wish i could undo that.", 'I have purchased 4 Allen Solly polo t-shirts ( Navy, Indigo melange, coffee melange and beige melange) from Amazon during Republic Day sales. The T-shirts are of very good quality. They are very comfortable to wear for long hours. They also look very attractive. If you want to buy Polo t-shirts which are long lasting and value for money, you should definitely try Allen Solly. Look for deals to get discount in Amazon.', 'Colour of the T shirt faded with 2 wash , I generally avoid giving harsh reviews but I think this is not a genuine product.. amazon please up your game and check the quality of the apparel before making it available for purchase on the portal.', "The fabric is good enough for the price tag.  The colour is as expected but I could see a couple of stains on the shirt. It was packaged like a rag. Amazon and Allen Solly clearly needs to work on their packaging. It was pathetic. I've been using this for the past 3 months now and the colour has faded. All in all, a good product in sub ₹500 category. Do not pay more than 500 for this shirt.", "I purchased two tee shirts of same size and same brand at same time; One is yellow and one is Navy Blue. I am giving 100 / 100 to yellow one whereas 50 / 100 to Navy Blue. Navy Blue one doesn't fit me, it's too tight. Uncomfortable. And leaving color also. So better to return. Pls suggest is I can return the product after wash.", 'The tshirt quality is good as far as fabric go , Got it fir Rs.499 and it justifies the price paid and also its from a brand Allen solly so does feel worth the price . The red colour is more flashy and vibrant and may not be liked by all . The t-shirt is a little tight near sleeve giving more buffed up look when one wears it . The two dissapointment was 1. Although I ordered 4 more allen solly tshirts which hqd option of 1 and 2 day delivery and delivered promptly but this took almost 4 days to reach but it was delivered as per scheduled date and not any additional delay was made 2.Somehow the tshirt doesnt look fresh and feels a bit more like somebody tried it and returned but no signs of damage or odour Maybe it might be due to transit also that it looks like this .', 'The media could not be loaded. It is very poor quality, after a few time washes, it has become completely different, it has become a mark of blemish, no one has to take this Tshirt of Alan Solly. Please check i have upload a video', 'I have many Allen Solly tees and all of them had one problem of color fading in sun. They are good if you you just remains indoors but if you go outside in sun, color starts to fade due to sun rays. They should change their color dye. Btw I followed the washing instructions.', "This tshirt material is a total waste. I presume it's a low quality or rejected orders. On the first day of wearing this tshirt I carry a backpack. Evening I found so many pulls and snags everywhere on the shoulder side of this tshirt.", 'I got two t-shirts of same size and i got two different sizes but both are labelled as medium. ( You can observe in attached pic). So i got doubt as it is not possible with original allen solly branded clothes. So after checking, i got to know that those both are fake allen solly. Im returning those. Now im buying from allen solly official website where im getting 51% off.', 'Not too impressed with the product material, though, the fit is perfect. The material is quite thin, just like so many Polo brands being sold on this website at throwaway prices. Thus, it raises the question if this is actually Allen Solly because, Polos being sold by the brand on their own website are priced at Rs 900 and above. The material is like an undervest. We all get taken in by the pictures advertised while the reality is quite different.', "Product was good. Can I think not original company shirt. It's masters edition for brand.. Amazon was cheat the publish behind the discount game.😡😠😠😡😡😡😡😡😡 I am asking showroom man about this..he told to me Original company cannot give in that low price...", 'Perfect as regular fit! (note: it is not slim fit) sleeve length is perfectly fine, chest and collar band fits fine, (as it is regular fit, lean persons may experience little loose fitting at the abdomen level) quality of the material is nice, Allen Solly kept its word! Perfectly paired with blue jeans or any chinos! The delivery and exchange service is faster and quicker from Amazon! Got it delivered in 1 day n got exchanged next day coz of size issues! Thank you Amazon n the seller! U can go for it!', 'Very good quality and fittings.', "In first wash the colour of the blue band stiched on the inner side of the neck came out and got spread on various parts of the shirt...looks so bad and turned the shirt useless. Can't even return as it requires original price tag etc which I didn't save ...as I never expected it to happen..disappointed and helpless", "The media could not be loaded. Simply super and value for money deal. Fits well as well and the cut in the sides look very nice. Loved it. Ordering more in other colors. 5 star rating. Ordered in mint color.. Rating 2 stars - Check the pics and you'll know how they had repacked a return item. I had already bought Allen solly in diff color liked it so much and so ordered another color. But this item I ran out of luck and received a crumbled tshirt. Sorry returning. Never try to deceive customers.", 'The product I have ordered sea green looks good in photo ..but when I recieved looking different colour I m v.disappointed from this ...I never expected from Amazon ...this is second time happening ..and also size is very loose ....... previously I wore xl it was fit to me but this item seems to be duplicate ...I think you people not cunning us.....we are very confident on allensolly ...but not on Amazon ....', 'First of all thank you amazon for provinding this wonderful product and fast delivery as well. About the product: quality wise the product is outstanding and very comfortable to wear. I bought this for 539 rs. The colour of the product is not as i was expected. I was expecting very bright red colour as shown in the photograph but actually it looks a bit dark. Even though its a bit dark colour its super cool.. i recommend you guys to go for it. Its worth the money.. double guarentee']

