['This product is duplicate of iPhone 12 only camera design changed. Very low quality of this product Buy Samsung mobile phone', 'You should be a bigggggg bot to buy this phone You could get iPhone 12 Pro that’s the best 😂', 'There was a hairline scratch on the screen which is not clearly visible directly. When we tried contacting Amazon for the replacement, they asked us to connect to apple and when connected to apple, they asked to connect with Amazon. Blame game begins and we end up paying the price. Awfull service. I am going to tag on the social media both Amazon and apple. Such a big scam', 'Just but iphone 12! It’s not worth the money! Unless ur from BJP or something where you’re full with corrupt money, then go ahead.', 'i am poor and i cant afford it lmao xdxdxdxdxd so if you have money to flex buy it i am bored thats why i am writing this review while drinking coffee i have my chemistry exam on  manday and cant study mole concept and got bored thats why i came here to write this review if you read this review til here very good you justt wasted your time now go and do something productive :)', 'I do not have money that I can get a phone but I have a dream to get a phone which will definitely be fulfilled one day', 'The media could not be loaded. I switched from Android to IOS. There are so many things you can not do on iphone. If you want a phone which have good looks and phone doesn’t do anything else then you can buy iphone. Battery life is fine. Charging speed is also fine. Camera quality is also fine but some of android phones with this range have better camera quality than this one.', 'My honest review after going broke buying this depreciating object. I have been using android phones since the last 10 years and finally decided to switch to iPhone! I used to roast iPhone for its prices, lack of features and also things like power adapter not given in box etc, but my last android phone (iqoo 7 legend) had lot of software related issues and battery issues after updating it to android 12, tired of bugs and software glitches in android, I finally decided to buy a iPhone and switch from android to iOS And Boy Was I right! I never even held an iPhone In my life before because of its price, but now I made a great choice even if I had to spend all my savings on it. iPhone 13 is so smooth that even my IQOO 7 Legend with 120hz feels slower than it even if iPhone has only 60hz. And I can’t believe what I’m seeing, all the games/apps are so much smoother and optimised than on android. I was very sceptical about the charging speed of an iPhone Because in Iqoo I had 66w fast charger where as for iPhone I had to buy 20w separate fast charger for 1800rs, but charging speed isn’t disappointing. Display quality is truly flagship level and I’m quite a fan of the small 6.1 display believe it or not, being able to reach the top of display with just one hand is very helpful, Build quality is great. I would recommend NOT to waste extra 40k for buying 13 pro. Because I don’t think having a extra camera telephoto lens is worth spending 40k. You can see in the 3rd image attached the quality of wide angle camera pic shot on my iPhone 13, wide angle camera struggles in low light, but main camera is really good, captures true colours. Front camera is really good too, truly flagship. Speakers are Great. Battery life is better than my previous devices, iOS is very optimised in terms of battery life, easy 8hrs sot on normal usage. NOTE : While playing BGMI you loose around 2% battery every 6minutes at HD + Extreme Graphics. Which is also good. Pro Max Would Be far better in terms of battery. For the software? Yes I feel like there are few downsides, even if the software is very smooth and has very less bugs, it has two annoying things : any game gets paused when you open control centre just to check the battery etc, Lock Screen is annoying and also having to reach the top left corner just to see notifications is also annoying, clearing all notifications is also very annoying. But other than that a perfect 10/10 purchase. I was very disappointed at myself when I paid for the iPhone but when I received it I was truly happy that I bought it. Truly worth it.', 'Same as I phone 12 😑. Who so ever is reading this review I suggest go for I phone 12', 'The media could not be loaded. iPhone is so good but My phone is four times hang so I am facing some difficulties please Solve  problems', "Apple Marketing has done quite a good job month after month to keep people on their toes with their new launches where there is nothing great about this phone. I have been on Android for almost inception of phones and switching to iPhone is just a pain. 1. No guide or help to transfer your critical data(Move to iOS doesnt work at all with high amount of data transfer. If you want to buy, go to brick and motor shop and get your data transfer then and there. 2. Over hyped phone, nothing great i have found in the phone. May be i will find it better. 3. Total stuck with ecosystem. 4. At 90K they don't provide charger and are selling the same as extra. Total cheap strategy to earn more and promote their magsafe. I am not a happy customer till now! In a world where we talk about openness and open for integration, apple gives you a kind of black box... Boo to Apple!", 'The look is retrograde . Feel is cheap. Does not have physical double SIM. The Airtel does not offer eSIM for prepaid connection. Fortunately jio revised an eSIM that got activated in 2hrs’. There is nothing so spectacular about the camera. The cinematic mode is good. This is my first exposure to iphone. Impression : As good as any high  end handset. Android is really more user friendly. Battery life for a new hand set is just good. Sustains 12hrs’ normal mixed use.', "Just got this beautiful machine really happy no issues. Battery backup on iphone 13 is so good on a regular usage I'm getting 1 and half day easily. Camera is much improved with some new features. Iphone 13 has better display not a huge difference to notice but it's better. I like diagonal camera setup on iphone 13(personal choice). Really happy with this one.", "Price is very low than expected. I don't buy cheap phones😜. Waiting for iPhone 20.......... To buy  A S A P", 'Assuming you’re starting with a good foundation, I think the list of what really makes a big difference in phone upgrades is actually short. The first thing on the list is improved battery life. The second is an improved camera. This Two Factor really matter in our day to day life and regular use No any other things are improved like a screen and chip performance Overall Soft Update for 12', 'Phone, Email & SMS management extremely unfriendly, primitive and restrictive Unnecessary animation on each action Very bad user experience', "Please don't buy iphone from Amazon as I have received the box with broken seal. You can only replace and there is no option to refund. So guys beware.", "This is just a brick. Cannot be used for calling or internet access unless you have wifi. This device has serious network issues. My One Plus 9 Pro and Realme 7 shows 100% network bars and internet work fast enought to stream multiple HD videos at the same time (speed test result 45mbps - airtel postpaid). But this apple device shows only 1 bar and sometimes none. You can't do anything other than just looking at phone. I kept 9 pro and iphone 13 at the same place at the same time having airtel postpaid sim card inserted. OnePlus gets full coverage of same network while iPhone gets only 1 bar coverage which cannot be used for anything. When I checked online, found that a lot of people facing same network issue with iPhone 13 series. Seriously, I would not recommend anyone to buy this brick.", 'Reviewing after 2 months usage. +ve: 1. Battery 2. Display 3. Camera -ve: 1. Screen not responding in all the corners, I need to click three or four times 2. Portrait mode pictures , one plus does better than this 3. Phone got Stuck three times 4. When I play PUBG/BGMI fire button takes some time to respond (not sure it’s BGMI issue ) and also with mobile data BGMI not able to handle extreme graphics Note : these are all my experiences  as new iPhone user who used Oneplus7 earlier.', 'If you’re moving from iphone 11 or previous gen then it’s the best iPhone ever. From 12 to 13 , you won’t feel any significant changes. I moved from android to ios and I couldn’t be more happier.']