["The problem in Stomuch if you have stomuch it's not suitable Either wise 💯% superb", 'I love this shirts not because of colour because of its fabrics quality  best in quality size is also right i  wear this shirts and i love it', 'Good one', "This shirt is very good at this price range, value for money I'd say. Decent colour and good quality product. My usual size is L 42 but I chose XL 44 and it perfectly fitted me, I'll say order one size bigger than your usual for this. (My experience)", '1000 percent value for money Fitting was awesome Quality is top notch Colour quality is excellent Overall worth Buying Happy With Purchase', "I bought this for my Boyfriend and he liked it as it fitted him well and looks too good. The material quality is 100% pure cotton. The color is bright and beautiful. The shirt fits properly. Stitching is good. After wash can say about the quality more but pretty sure that the color won't come off after wash. I'll edit this review after wash if the coloe comes off else won't edit it. If you're lean & slim, 6ft, 58-60kg then size M is perfect for you.", 'The product is superb. But it was wrong size chart. And in 1 wash, it literally reduced quarter. Jst bcz I hv washed it, dsnt feel right to return. So keeping it.', ">Who gave 5 star they don't know about quality. >Quality is bad >colour is dull >look is ok >fitting is ok >overall 2 star is enough", "Product is good but I have issue with delivery man. Mostly delivery man don't come to proper address, they call from out side the building and say that please come to out side and collect your product we will not come in side of the building (there are many floors & offices).", 'I have purchased one in 2020 and one now in 2021 after size changed ! Earlier was perfect fit to me! But unfortunately 😡 they have changed their size chart and made this shirt very regular shirt I mean very unfit ,ढीला ढाला । Btw shirt is good! Whether its quality or looks!', 'The media could not be loaded. Material quality is good.', 'The media could not be loaded.', 'Good fabric....looks awesome....bye it Same as shown in picture....', "This shirts looks light yellow with a transparent feel. However it's slightly dark.", "Material is good but M size is slightly small compared to other company M size ...I have returned product and asking for L size ...let's see now", "the product is really nice and comfy. it gets wrinkled easily but that's not a problem. it's really good for how inexpensive it is. the same thing on someother websites were 1000+ rs. the sleeves were a little long but that maybe because I took a lil too big of a size. overall 10/10 would recommend", "The buttons given are white coloured which makes it look shabby and cheap in a way. The image shows the button to be maroon. I love the brand so won't be returning it but would just get the buttons changed to a better one but, again, that's a hassle.", 'Only problem is shirt a bit loose at the back. We have to buy a lager size than usual. Ideally if M fits you then  go for L.  M will be too tight and L will have loose at the back which is Somewhat OK. Color is same as in the picture. For below 500 is really worthy.', 'Good quality shirt. Cloth seems to be pure cotton and good quality but a bit thin...no color fade after couple of washes...you can buy it for around 450 . Order one size more than what you usually wear', "Not at all a cotton  product, I think this one is polyester shirt and all are saying it is 100 % cotton Ha Ha............................ But yes fittings is good but what you will de with fitting when the comfort is 0. Now a days AMAZON is giving very poor products, plz plz keep the face of your brand name. I love to buy from AMAZON but now a days it's getting poor and more poor day by day, it's very panful."]
